Q ->For the 2*3 for the movement-matrix a state represent a specific location, why in the case of tic-tac-toe, state represent the configuration of the whole board?

Ans->The difference in what a "state" represents in these two scenarios comes down to the nature of the games themselves. In the 2x3 grid scenario, 
    the game is essentially about navigating through different locations on the grid. Therefore, a "state" in this context naturally corresponds to a location on the grid.
    On the other hand, Tic-Tac-Toe is a game about achieving a certain configuration of marks on the board (three in a row). 
    The important aspect of the game isn't where the 'X' or 'O' is on the board, but rather the arrangement of 'X's and 'O's relative to each other. 
    Therefore, a "state" in this context corresponds to a configuration of the whole board.
    In other words, the definition of a "state" depends on what information is relevant to the game. 
    For a navigation task, the relevant information is the agent's location, so that's what we use to define a state. 
    For a game like Tic-Tac-Toe, the relevant information is the arrangement of 'X's and 'O's, so that's what we use to define a state

Q -> In Tic-Tac-Toe, the game is played on a 3x3 grid, and players take turns placing their mark (‘X’ or ‘O’) in an empty cell. 
     The objective of the game is to be the first to get three of their own marks in a row, either horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.
     Because the objective of the game involves the arrangement of 'X’s and 'O’s, 
     the state of the game at any given moment is defined by the positions of 'X’s and 'O’s on the board. 
     Each unique arrangement of 'X’s, 'O’s, and empty spaces on the board is considered a different state.
     For example, an empty board is one state, a board with one ‘X’ in the middle is another state, 
     a board with one ‘X’ in the middle and one ‘O’ in the top left corner is another state, and so on.
     When we use reinforcement learning to train an agent (a computer program) to play Tic-Tac-Toe, 
     the agent learns a policy that tells it what action (where to place its mark) is best in each state (for each possible arrangement of 'X’s and 'O’s on the board).
